[DEVX-1286][DEVX-1254] Add reference for filters in TestCafe config + Update cloud versions (#816)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/testrunner-toolkit/configuration/testcafe.md

Specify which filters to apply to know which tests to exectutes.

```yaml
  filter:
    test: browser-should-display-time
    testGrep: browser.*
    fixture: browswer-expectations
    fixtureGrep: browser.*
    testMeta:
      region: us-west-1
    fixtureMeta:
      env: staging
```
---

#### `test`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

Runs a test with the specified name.

```yaml
  test: browser-should-display-time
```
---

#### `testGrep`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING/REGEX |</small></p>

Runs tests whose names match the specified `grep` pattern.

```yaml
  testGrep: should-.*
```
---

#### `fixture`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING/ARRAY |</small></p>

Runs a test with the specified fixture name.

```yaml
  fixture: browswer-expectations
```
---

#### `fixtureGrep`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING/ARRAY |</small></p>

Runs tests whose fixture names match the specified `grep` pattern.

```yaml
  fixtureGrep: browser-.*
```
---

#### `testMeta`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | OBJECT |</small></p>

Runs tests whose metadata matches the specified key-value pair.

```yaml
  testMeta:
    region: us-west-1
```
---

#### `fixtureMeta`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | OBJECT |</small></p>

> Runs tests whose fixture’s metadata matches the specified key-value pair.
> 
> ```yaml
>   fixtureMeta:
>     env: staging
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runs any tests included in fixtures whose metadata matches the specified key-value pairs. Accepts one or more key-value definitions. If multiple pairs are specified, matching tests must contain all of the specified metadata values.

```yaml
filter:
  fixtureMeta:
    env: staging
```
```
